fix: enable authorization cache by default (#9626)
emqx/emqx: changes/v5.0.14-en.md

# v5.0.14

## Enhancements

> - Enable authorization cache by default [#9626](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9626).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Return authorization settings with default values [#9626](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9626).
  The cache is enabled by default, but due to the missing default value in `GET` response of `/authorization/settings`, it seemed to be disabled from the dashboard.
```
